data/questions_and_answers/README.md, before:

## Notes for us:
These are the contents of each file:

### leetcode_problems&solutions_links.csv
problem name, link to it, difficulty, link to solution.

### leetcode_problems_data.csv or .json
question id, question title, its content, difficulty, num of likes, num of dislikes, slug (name in scraping format).

### leetcode_problems_metadata.csv
question id, page number (where the question is), is it a premium question, title, problem description, topic, difficulty, a list of similar questions, number of similar questions, acceptance rate (% of right solutions, indicates how hard the question was), number of accepted submissions of this problem, number of submissions of this problem, number of submitted solutions (in the solution section), num of discussions, num of likes, num of dislikes, link to problem, link to solution.

Source: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/jaydeepagravat94583/leetcode?resource=download

### open_questions_data_science.csv
Open questions asked in data science interviews.

Source: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sandy1811/data-science-interview-questions?select=deeplearning_questions.csv    
Questions asked by - FAANG/Fortune 500/Top Product Companies in last 4-5 years

### general_open_questions.csv
Common interview questions - general ones that are always embarrassing.

Source: https://www.glassdoor.com/blog/common-interview-questions/


### questions_ipip_neo_120.csv and big_5_test.csv
Big Five Personality Test (a.k.a OCEAN questions) offers a concise measure of the five major factors of personality, as well as the six facets that define each factor. Factor scores give a broad global description of an individual. Facet scores describe, in more detail, the specific traits of personality that make up the broad global description.

Source: https://github.com/rubynor/bigfive-web/tree/master/old-packages/questions/data/en
Source: https://www.123test.com/personality-test/


### Leetcode solutions are at:
https://github.com/fishercoder1534/Leetcode/tree/master/src/main/java/com/fishercoder/solutions    
To access solutions, there are 4 folders:
- firstthousand/
- secondthousand/
- thirdthousand/
- fourththousand/

So, for example, if you want to access the solution of problem number 2017, it's in the link:    
https://github.com/fishercoder1534/Leetcode/blob/master/src/main/java/com/fishercoder/solutions/thirdthousand/_2017.java


## Unified databases we created:

### all_code_problems_with_solutions.csv
question_id,content,difficulty,formatted_title,topic_tags,similar_questions,no_similar_questions,acceptance,solution_URL,solution

### all_open_questions.csv
question_id,question,category,topics

Commit message:

skills and topics embedding, creating simulator

data/questions_and_answers/README.md, after:

## Notes for us:
These are the contents of each file:

### leetcode_problems&solutions_links.csv
problem name, link to it, difficulty, link to solution.

### leetcode_problems_data.csv or .json
question id, question title, its content, difficulty, num of likes, num of dislikes, slug (name in scraping format).

### leetcode_problems_metadata.csv
question id, page number (where the question is), is it a premium question, title, problem description, topic, difficulty, a list of similar questions, number of similar questions, acceptance rate (% of right solutions, indicates how hard the question was), number of accepted submissions of this problem, number of submissions of this problem, number of submitted solutions (in the solution section), num of discussions, num of likes, num of dislikes, link to problem, link to solution.

Source: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/jaydeepagravat94583/leetcode?resource=download

### open_questions_data_science.csv
Open questions asked in data science interviews.

Source: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sandy1811/data-science-interview-questions?select=deeplearning_questions.csv    
Questions asked by - FAANG/Fortune 500/Top Product Companies in last 4-5 years

### general_open_questions.csv
Common interview questions - general ones that are always embarrassing.

Source: https://www.glassdoor.com/blog/common-interview-questions/


### OCEAN Test Folder
Big Five Personality Test (a.k.a OCEAN questions) offers a concise measure of the five major factors of personality, as well as the six facets that define each factor. Factor scores give a broad global description of an individual. Facet scores describe, in more detail, the specific traits of personality that make up the broad global description.
This folder contains all the json and csv files that we use for that test.

Source: https://github.com/rubynor/bigfive-web/tree/master/old-packages/questions/data/en
Source: https://github.com/rubynor/bigfive-web/tree/master/old-packages/results/test/data
Source: https://www.123test.com/personality-test/


### Leetcode solutions are at:
https://github.com/fishercoder1534/Leetcode/tree/master/src/main/java/com/fishercoder/solutions    
To access solutions, there are 4 folders:
- firstthousand/
- secondthousand/
- thirdthousand/
- fourththousand/

So, for example, if you want to access the solution of problem number 2017, it's in the link:    
https://github.com/fishercoder1534/Leetcode/blob/master/src/main/java/com/fishercoder/solutions/thirdthousand/_2017.java


## Unified databases we created:

### all_code_problems_with_solutions.csv
question_id,content,difficulty,formatted_title,topic_tags,similar_questions,no_similar_questions,acceptance,solution_URL,solution

### all_open_questions.csv
question_id,question,category,topics

### all_code_questions_with_topics.csv and all_open_questions_with_topics.csv
The same as "..._with_solutions", but with null topics replaced with generation by Gemini.
